DOC-692: Document new name property for style_formats (#1742)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/style-formats.md

This option allows you to define custom items for the `styleselect` dropdown toolbar button and the `formats` menu item.

There are four types of items the array can contain:

> * **Style:** The item must have a `title` and an optional `name` to specify what it will be registered as. Then it needs the other necessary fields to [specify a new format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formattype). If the name is specified it will be prefixed with `custom-` this is to ensure that it doesn't clash with the default editor formats. The item will be rendered in the UI as a clickable item that applies the given format.

Reviewer: Can we change the third sentence:

> If the name is specified it will be prefixed with `custom-` this is to ensure that it doesn't clash with the default editor formats.

It's not really clear from this what the prefixed name is used for, or will happen if the name field is not specified. Can we add more detail here, or is this something that readers would know from elsewhere in this area of the docs?

Author: Added some more details. However maybe this entire page should be restructured I don't like it when a paragraph becomes a things that talks about many different things. Better to use some form of a list with all fields and sub sections for each type. But not sure if tyler agrees also a bit of work to do that.

> * **Style:** The item must have a `title` and an optional `name` to specify what it will be registered as. Then it needs the other necessary fields to [specify a new format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formattype). If the name is specified it will be prefixed with `custom-` this is to ensure that it doesn't clash with the default editor formats, if you give it a unique name you can then refer to it using the formatting api. The item will be rendered in the UI as a clickable item that applies the given format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Style:** The item must have a `title` and either a `format` which refers to a pre-registered editor [format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formats) or has the necessary fields to [specify a new format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formattype). An optional `name` can be provided for the style, which will be prefixed with `custom-` to ensure that it does not override the default editor formats. if given a unique `name`, the style can be used with the formatting API. The item will be rendered in the UI as a clickable item that applies the given format.
```

Author: Does this mean I should get rid of the the extra style reference item I added. I thought it was better to have that as a separate thing since it otherwise talks about two concept one being a style with format parameters and one being a reference to an existing format.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, no, my fault. I've updated the suggestion to hopefully address that misunderstanding. 

Also, I pushed a commit to update how the live demos render and to add a simple example. The live demos are from the example/demo pages and may be a little too "noisy".

Reviewer 2: Sorry, no, my fault. I've updated the suggestion to hopefully address that misunderstanding. 

Also, I pushed a commit to update how the live demos render and to add a simple example. The live demos are from the example/demo pages and may be a little too "noisy".

Author: Ok. Cool thanks. I updated the text now.

> * **Style reference:** The item must have a `title` and a `format` with refers to a pre-registered editor [format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formats). The item will be rendered in the UI as a clickable item that applies the given format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Style reference:** The item must have a `title` and a `format` which refers to a pre-registered editor [format]({{ site.baseurl }}/configure/content-formatting/#formats). The item will be rendered in the UI as a clickable item that applies the given format.
```
